Add volume attach tag with nova microversion 2.49 (#1713)
terraform-provider-openstack/terraform-provider-openstack: docs/resources/compute_volume_attach_v2.md

* `multiattach` - (Optional) Enable attachment of multiattach-capable volumes.

> * `tag` - (Optional) The tag of the volume attachment. Changing this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tag` - (Optional) Add a device role tag that is applied to the volume when attaching it to the VM. Changing this
```

>     updates the tag of volume attachment. Requires microversion >= 2.49.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    creates a new volume attachment with the new tag. Requires microversion >= 2.49.
```

Since `ForceNew` is set below updating the tag will force a recreation of the resource.
